Start on the Tickets list.
p02
Every sale at the wash ends up here, one row per ticket,
p03
with its location, total, status, and tender.
p04
Status is worth a glance on the way in: paid and washed, paid but not washed, or voided.
p05
There are millions of tickets,
p06
so you always filter down to the one you need before you open it.
p07
Click the row.
p08
The ticket opens on its own page, and watch the address bar:
p09
it picks up a ticket I-D on the end.
p10
That means this page has a fixed web address.
p11
Copy it later and anyone you send it to lands on this exact ticket.
p12
Read the header first.
p13
The ticket number is the title, with the I-D, the location, and the time it rang underneath.
p14
That timestamp matters more than it looks:
p15
it tells you which shift the sale fell in, which you'll need if a drawer doesn't balance.
p16
Confirm this is the transaction the caller means before you read a single number off it.
p17
Top-right, two buttons.
p18
Back to Tickets takes you home.
p19
The red one is Refund, and we do not touch it.
p20
On a real ticket a refund moves money,
p21
so running the full refund flow is off the table today, and parked for a lesson of its own.
p22
Read the button, leave it alone.
p23
Under the header, four quick figures.
p24
Ticket total, payments, status, and payment type.
p25
For most calls, that band answers the question before you open a single tab.
p26
What was it, was it paid, and how.
p27
A mismatch between total and payments is your first clue something is off.
p28
Now the tabs.
p29
Five of them: Main, Details, Payments, Refunds, and Notes.
p30
Main opens by default and carries the record itself.
p31
Details breaks the sale into line items, Payments lists every tender against it,
p32
and Notes holds the ticket's notes.
p33
We work Main and Refunds today.
p34
Main opens on Ticket Information.
p35
The I-D, the ticket number, the date and time in,
p36
the location, the status, and the payment type.
p37
This is the group that proves you're looking at the right sale,
p38
and the status here matches the one you saw in the list.
p39
Next, Financial Summary.
p40
Total, taxes, tendered, change due, reversed, and house account.
p41
When someone disputes a charge, you read the numbers straight off here.
p42
Reversed is the field to check first:
p43
it tells you whether money already came back before you promise anything.
p44
And house account tells you if a fleet or business paid instead of a card.
p45
Two more groups.
p46
Staff and Equipment names the cashier, the cashier terminal, the greeter terminal,
p47
and the shift, so you can tie a ticket to a person, a register, and a drawer session.
p48
Customer and Vehicle names the customer, the vehicle, the plate, and the state,
p49
which is how you match a ticket to a plate on a dispute.
p50
Open the Refunds tab.
p51
A table of any refunds on this ticket:
p52
refund I-D, amount, reason, who processed it, and its status.
p53
On a clean ticket it simply says no refunds recorded.
p54
When there is one, this is where you read the reason it was given,
p55
who handled it, and whether it actually went through.
p56
One thing to notice: what isn't here.
p57
No Edit Ticket button, no add-refund control, and no ninety-day lock like the old system had.
p58
The header Refund button is the only way in,
p59
and whether you can finish one depends on your security level.
p60
Lower levels need approval first.
p61
We cover the security side later.
p62
Last, copy the address.
p63
That ticket I-D on the end means the URL reopens this exact ticket.
p64
Paste it into a support ticket
p65
and the next technician opens the same transaction you were looking at,
p66
instead of searching millions of rows for it.
p67
Then Back to Tickets, and nothing on the ticket has changed.